Add a note on PodsReady timeout requeuing (#2053)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/manage/setup_sequential_admission.md

a Workload is repeatedly and endlessly re-queued to the queue based on the `timestamp`.
Once the number of re-queues reaches the limit, Kueue [deactivates the Workload](/docs/concepts/workload/#active).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
_The `backoffBaseSeconds` is available in Kueue v0.7.0 and later_
{{% /alert %}}
```

> The time to reque a workload after each consecutive timeout is increased

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time to re-queue a workload after each consecutive timeout is increased
```

exponentially, with the exponent of 2. The first delay is determined by the
`backoffBaseSeconds` parameter (defaulting to 10). There is additionally a small

> random jitter added to the time to requeue. So, after the consecutive timeouts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
random jitter added to the time to re-queue. So, after the consecutive timeouts
```

Based on the other places.

> the evicted workload is requeued after approximately `10, 20, 40, ...` seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the evicted workload is re-queued after approximately `10, 20, 40, ...` seconds.
```

a Workload is repeatedly and endlessly re-queued to the queue based on the `timestamp`.
Once the number of re-queues reaches the limit, Kueue [deactivates the Workload](/docs/concepts/workload/#active).

> {{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}

Reviewer 2: Note is good enough.

> {{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}

Reviewer: I'm ok with `Note`. Thank you for the suggestions!

_The `backoffBaseSeconds` is available in Kueue v0.7.0 and later_
{{% /alert %}}
The time to re-queue a workload after each consecutive timeout is increased
exponentially, with the exponent of 2. The first delay is determined by the
`backoffBaseSeconds` parameter (defaulting to 10). There is additionally a small

> random jitter added to the time to re-queue. So, after the consecutive timeouts

Reviewer 2: Remove the jitter bit. It's TMI for users.

Author: Done
